Brother Jing, what do you mean?
My family even held a Qing palace banquet
If you don't invest
What will I do in the future?
Your family is on the verge of bankruptcy
Why should we invest?
Didn't the first brother take a fancy to the strength of my family?
strength
You are going bankrupt, what strength do you have?
Hey Qianqian
Why don't you promise Young Master Su directly?
I think he's going crazy
Brother Lan Lan just treats me as his sister
What's more, I never thought of getting married in my life
Brother Ye Brother Ye
Don't worry about leaving.
The day after tomorrow is Qi Meng, the daughter of the ambassador of the elf pioneering frontier
Yao's birthday party
I promise to go with you
Be your dance partner
Su Shao
Just say yes.
Humble to be your dance partner
Is it your dream?
1 billion invest, I'll buy you as my dance partner
Mu Qianqian, you are really good at doing business
I might as well ask Ruolan to accompany me
I'm sorry, I don't want to
Little brother, what's the matter?
Is he awake?
Modang modestly simped
Then I have a chance
It's this banquet
Mu Qianqian secretly took Ye Chen
Let Ye Chen Yiming amazing at the banquet
shine
Received the appreciation of Qin Mengyao and many big shots
Accelerated his growth rate
It also hastened the demise of the Su family
Yeah, OK.
Then I will be at this banquet
Step on your dust